Privacy Policy for Cobs Cobblers
English
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 13, 2022
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your
information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects
You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the
collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been
created with the help of the Privacy Policy Template.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following
conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in
singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Cobs
Cobbler, 1234 Main st. New York NY 12345.
Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a
website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Country refers to: New York, United States
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service refers to the Website.
Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company.
It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to
provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the
Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the
Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).